[DOCS] Proofreading developer documentation moved from wiki. (#15886)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/plugins/intel_gpu/docs/basic_data_structures.md

First, the original model should be presented as a corresponding *topology*, which consists of primitives and their connections. It can be regarded as a simple graph structure representing the original model.

Then the topology is to be converted to a *program*, which consists of *program_nodes* corresponding to the original primitives and their connections.
Here, the majority of the transformation and optimizations are performed on the *program*.
Also, the *primitive_impl* is created for each *program_node* at this stage, which holds the selected kernels for each *program_node* and the required information to run the kernels such as work group sizes and kernel arguments, etc. The final source code of the kernels is decided and compiled at this stage, too.
Note that a *program* is common for the streams, that is, there is only one *program* created for all the streams.

Once the *program* is finalized, the *network* is built from the *program* for each stream.
A *network* consists of primitive instances (*primitive_inst*) that contain the required memory allocations for the kernels.
Finally, you can run the *network* by using the `network::execute()` method.

> More detailed description of each component is described in the sections below.

Author: ```suggestion
A more detailed description of each component is described in the sections below.
```

                  reorder("reorder", "concat", reorder_layout));
```

In the example above, "pool0" is the *primitive_id* of the first pooling, and "input0" is the *primitive_id* of the input primitive of it. The  `pooling_mode::max, {1, 1, 2, 2}, {1, 1, 1, 1}` parameters stand for other properties for pooling: primitive, pooling_mode, tensor size, stride, respectively.

> Note that topology is created from ngraph representation in the GPU plugin. Manual definition of a topology shown in the snippet above is usually for the purpose of a *Unittest*.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that topology is created from ngraph representation in the GPU plugin. Manual definition of a topology shown in the snippet above is usually for the purpose of a unit test.
```

...
};
```
A program consists of *program_nodes* which are created from primitives. ([link](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/4c01d6c50c6d314373dffd2a8ddbc294011b2508/src/plugins/intel_gpu/src/graph/program.cpp#L353)) A *program_node* is created by a factory for each *primitive type*, that is, *primitive_type*, which is associated to each primitive as a type ([link](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/173f328c53d39dd42ecdb9de9e04f9d2c266683f/src/plugins/intel_gpu/include/intel_gpu/primitives/primitive.hpp#L79)). (Note that this *primitive_type* is used to create *primitive_inst* or call *choose_impl* too.)

Basically, a *program_node* holds the following information which is to be decided throughout the transformation / optimization processes in a program:

> * layout : output layout of a *program_node*. ([impl](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/plugins/intel_gpu/include/intel_gpu/runtime/layout.hpp))

Author: Implementation?
